Name: Vishnu Nambiar
Journal: J1002
Date: 17-Aug-2021


I recieved assistance from: Vishnu Nambiar

I assisted: Vishnu Nambiar

1.1:
I use Discord and Instagram, which both use the client server model.

2.1:
It is mportant to be able to have two different users to be able to create a directory of the same name because those individuals can stay seperate and keep their directories to themselves.

3.1:
It has a special symbol because it helps to uniquely identify the whole directory without any confusion, thinking it might be another one.

4.1:
Yes it changed. It added a /Merlin to the tilde (~)

5.1:
It brings the last code typed, and goes back further the more you press it.

5.2:
It brings you back to the beginning after pressing the down arrow enough times.

6.1:
No. Because it was output to some other file. It probably created a new file with the text.

7.1:
ls only shows the directories under the current directories under the current directory, nothe entire heirarchy like tree.

7.2:
I use tree to see the entire heirarchy, and I use ls to see what is under the current directory.

8.1:
Specifies to prevent the return line coming for a certain period of seconds.

8.2:
I count down to see if the number matches with the seconds.

9.1:
It sleeps in the background, so it is active and unused until brought to the foreground.

9.2:
It does this while giving you access to the command line, so you are still able to do some things.

9.3:
The numbers display what job it is in a list.

10.1:
I see a list of jobs in the order that I initiated them.

10.2:
It is a list with each job I inputed, labled by the number of which one in order.
What did I learn? What is the "big idea"?

What challenges did I encounter?
Nothing much, I had a hard time getting this file on the repository however.

How could this be improved?
This could be improved by directly showing how to do this through a video format, where a person properly explains and demonstrates it.

Free Reflection: How has what I've learned impacted my thinking?
It hasn't really impacted my thinking, but I have a little bit better of an understanding of GitHub.
